## Economics Article Coding
Using the files `indexed_are_with_jel_template` and `indexed_qje_with_jel_template`, please code the topic and type of each article. Replace `template` with your initials and save the file to Box.

### Topic Coding
The topic of the article is the *Journal of Economic Literature* (JEL) code. This is a list of ~20 codes that economists use to classify articles. Thankfully some journals now require authors to pick these codes themselves, but older articles don't have them pre-assigned. If the JEL column is full, skip to data type coding below. If the JEL column is empty:

1. Click on the google scholar search link. Click the 'All X versions' link under the main article link, and try and find a working paper (i.e., draft) version of the paper. This draft may have a JEL code. (If you can find an NBER working paper, that should have the JEL code on the Abstract page.) Enter up to three of the complete codes (in order) in the `article_topicX` columns.

2. If you can't find a working paper with the code, select one or two general codes yourself (letter only, don't worry about the digits), based on reading the abstract. Primary topic first. No pressure to assign multiple codes, but do so if clear. If the paper has no abstract, click the link to read the first paragraph or two of the paper.

### Data Type coding

We're interested in the data type of the article. This is the same for econ as it was for political science:

There are four data types

+ `no_data`: The article does not use any data (e.g. pure theory)
+ `simulations`: Article has data, but it is simulated, i.e. generated by a computer and not from the real world (e.g. methodology or econometrics articles).
+ `experimental`: The article uses experimental data from laboratory or field experiments conducted by researchers (i.e. randomized experiments, not *natural* experiments)
+ `observational`: The article uses observational data (e.g. from surveys, publicly available datasets, own collection)

### What about non-articles? (e.g. front matter)
Please put `skip` for both topic and type for lines in the spreadsheet that aren't really articles, such as front matter and some letters from the editor.


## Old Poli Sci Article Coding

Using the files `apsr_article_coding_template` and `ajps_article_coding_template`, please code the topic and type of each article. Replace `template` with your initials and save the file to Box.

### What do I look for?
Find out the research field (topic) and type of each article. We want to investigate differences across fields and whether an article could have made data available. This is important because if the type of articles submitted to a journal change because of the data sharing requirement, our analysis method may be a bit suspect.

### How do I classify an article into a research field?
There are five research fields (topics)

+ `political_theory`
+ `comparative_politics`
+ `international_relations`
+ `american_government_and_politics`
+ `political_methodology`

Use the classification from [What is Political Science?](https://www.polisci.washington.edu/what-political-science) to classify each article into one of above research fields using the `article_field` column.

In addition to the descriptions in the url above, american_government_and_politics should be specifically reserved for articles that emphasize only American institutions and politics. These articles can also use experimental/observational data and analysis where applicable. Political_methodlogy is concerned with developing a tool to do analysis and not just deducing causal inferences

You can start by looking at an article's abstract. If the abstract alone is not sufficient to classify the article, read through the article's introduction.

If you have trouble finding the correct research field for an article after above steps, leave `article_field` empty.

If an article falls into multiple categories, pick the primary and secondary category. Do not assign a secondary category unless an article really does cover two topics.

Classifying articles may be difficult. Read the list above. Also, from Wesleyan:
> Political Theory is a distinct field within the discipline of political science. Political theorists tend to focus more on theoretical claims rather than empirical claims about the nature of the politics. Normative political theory is concerned with questions about such concepts as justice, equality, and rights. Historical political theory engages political philosophers from the past (e.g. Thucyides and Plato) to the present (e.g. Wendy Brown and Seyla Benahabib), and may focus on how particular philosophers engaged political problems that continue to be relevant today. While the focus has traditionally been on Western traditions, that is beginning to change in this field.

So don't call everything `political_theory`--real theory will often go hand in hand with `no_data` and feature famous philosophers you may know: Marx, Locke, Mills, Rawls, etc. A paper on say, the courts in the US and UK would be American and Comparative.


### How do I classify an article into a data type?
There are four data types

+ `no_data`: The article does not use any data (e.g. pure theory)
+ `simulations`: Article has data, but it is simulated, i.e. generated by a computer and not from the real world (e.g. methodology or econometrics articles).
+ `experimental`: The article uses experimental data from laboratory or field experiments conducted by researchers (i.e. randomized experiments, not *natural* experiments)
+ `observational`: The article uses observational data (e.g. from surveys, publicly available datasets, own collection)

### What about non-articles? (e.g. front matter)
Please put `skip` for both topic and type for lines in the spreadsheet that aren't really articles, such as front matter and some letters from the editor.

### Tip
`Ctrl/⌘ + Click` on the article title to open the article. You do not need to press `Ctrl/⌘`, if you uncheck `Ctrl-click required to follow hyperlinks`, which you can find in `LibreOffice` -> `Preferences` -> `Security` -> `Options`.
