data_entry/reference_coding_protocol.md, before:

## Coding Protocol for Automated Text Search
Version: 2016.09.29 (See [github](http://github.com/bitss/citations) for history.)

### What do I look for?
References to the data or code used in the article. We're not interested in additional results, or proofs, or the appendix. We're interested and data and/or code to reproduce the published paper.

### What is a reference?
A reference has 3 dimensions:

1. What is referenced?

  It must be one of the following.
 + `data`
 + `code`
 + `files` = data + code


2. How much is referenced?

  If the referenced data or code is for the entire article, it is a `full` reference. A reference for part of the data or code, e.g. only for a single variable, it is called `partial` reference.

3. How is it referenced?

 + `link`: The reference provides a URL
 + `name`: The reference mentions the name of a dataset, an institution (such as the Census Bureau or World Bank) or website (including non-URL reference to 'author's website') without providing a URL
 + `paper`: The reference is a citation to a paper.

### How do I classify the matches?
If a match is not a reference to the data or code used in the article, it is irrelevant. We code this as `0`.

If a match is a reference, classify it along the 3 dimension mentioned above using underscores `_` as separators. If a reference is partial, add `partial`.

In total there are 13 possible values. Some selected examples:

+ `data_full_link`: Reference provides a URL to *all* of the data used in the article
+ `data_partial_link`: Reference provides a URL to parts of the data, e.g. certain variables, used in the article
+ `data_partial_name`: Reference mentions the name where parts of the data can be found, e.g. some variables are provided by an institution
+ `code_partial_link`: Reference provides a URL to some of the code used in the article, e.g. for code used in simulation, but not for code used in analysis
+ `files_full_name`: Reference mentions a location where both, data and code, can be found, e.g. the author's website
+ ...

### Where do I save my file?
Start with the template in `./Shared/Data/ajps_reference_coding_template.xlsx`, create a copy, replacing 'template' with your name.
Use LibreOffice Calc to open and save the file in `.ods` format.
After a day's work upload the latest version of your file to the Box folder. (Or use Box Sync.)

### Tip
For faster data entry, you can label irrelevant matches using a key close to your `enter` key, and replace that character with `0` later on.

Commit message:

add how to deal with duplicates

data_entry/reference_coding_protocol.md, after:

## Coding Protocol for Automated Text Search
Version: 2016.09.29 (See [github](http://github.com/bitss/citations) for history.)

### What do I look for?
References to the data or code used in the article. We're not interested in additional results, or proofs, or the appendix. We're interested and data and/or code to reproduce the published paper.

### What is a reference?
A reference has 3 dimensions:

1. What is referenced?

  It must be one of the following.
 + `data`
 + `code`
 + `files` = data + code


2. How much is referenced?

  If the referenced data or code is for the entire article, it is a `full` reference. A reference for part of the data or code, e.g. only for a single variable, it is called `partial` reference.

3. How is it referenced?

 + `link`: The reference provides a URL
 + `name`: The reference mentions the name of a dataset, an institution (such as the Census Bureau or World Bank) or website (including non-URL reference to 'author's website') without providing a URL
 + `paper`: The reference is a citation to a paper.

### How do I classify the matches?
If a match is not a reference to the data or code used in the article, it is irrelevant. We code this as `0`.

If a match is a reference, classify it along the 3 dimension mentioned above using underscores `_` as separators. If a reference is partial, add `partial`.

In total there are 13 possible values. Some selected examples:

+ `data_full_link`: Reference provides a URL to *all* of the data used in the article
+ `data_partial_link`: Reference provides a URL to parts of the data, e.g. certain variables, used in the article
+ `data_partial_name`: Reference mentions the name where parts of the data can be found, e.g. some variables are provided by an institution
+ `code_partial_link`: Reference provides a URL to some of the code used in the article, e.g. for code used in simulation, but not for code used in analysis
+ `files_full_name`: Reference mentions a location where both, data and code, can be found, e.g. the author's website
+ ...

### How do I deal with duplicates?

There are so many lines for each article! If you find a `files_full_link` (i.e., a link to a website where you can download the data and the code to reproduce the paper) mark it, and skip the rest of the lines for that article. Mark all the skipped lines with `skip` instead of the `0` that you enter for non-useful rows. This is only for `files_full_link` and not for any other reference.

### Where do I save my file?
Start with the template in `./Shared/Data/ajps_reference_coding_template.xlsx`, create a copy, replacing 'template' with your name.
Use LibreOffice Calc to open and save the file in `.ods` format.
After a day's work upload the latest version of your file to the Box folder. (Or use Box Sync.)

### Tip
For faster data entry, you can label irrelevant matches using a key close to your `enter` key, and replace that character with `0` later on.
